>> Mike North: The thing I wanna talk
about next is, now that we have this app
running, hopefully you got
a chance to measure it and
maybe you tried to see that tree diagram
where we can see the breakdown of things.
This is great in terms of instrumenting
things, but we also wanna make sure that
we can see what this thing
looks like on a mobile device.
So let's talk for a moment about kind of
simulating what it is to
see this app on mobile.
So the first thing that you should reach
for in Chrome, and also in Firefox,
and I believe Safari, now.
They have a devices mode
where you can pick a popular
mobile phone version like
a Google Galaxy 5S, or
something like that, or an iPhone 6.
And it will set the screen dimensions
exactly to what you can expect there
because that's probably the highest level
problem that people typically encounter.
Something's too wide or
the text wraps when they shouldn't.
There are certain very
narrow versions of iPhones,
like if you try an iPhone SE size here.
I think the shopping cart icon might
wrap on to a second row on the app bar.
So we can see that even with this, which
I did not put that in there as a bug for
you to find, that was just I
failed to checked that one thing.
But this is a great starting point.
You should think of it as really limited
to two things, or really, three things.
One is the screen dimensions,
the second is the user agent.
So there are sometimes things
that will sniff user agents and
do certain things for like a mobile OS.
Maybe you know there's a special
mobile version of some site and
you wanna be sure that you get that if
you hit it with an iPhone user agent.
This would be effective for
testing that, and
the third is a little difficult
to see on the right, here, but
you can provide simulated input for
certain types of sensors.
So you can provide GPS coordinates,
and if your web application requests
the user's latitude and longitude,
and the browser supports that.
You can say,
let's pretend I'm in Antarctica, and
it'll read you location there, and
your app will behave accordingly.
Which is great for testing things where,
maybe if you're in an airport and
you're building the Delta app, you
could have something that pops down and
have maybe a test that you could run,
where you can simulate that really easily.
Also, you can simulate orientation, you
can change the way touch events happen.
So by default,
when you're in this device mode,
you're going to be aligned much
closer to the way mobile events work,
in terms of a long press
representing a right-click.
So everyone knows how that works, right?
You know how you tap to select text,
you kind of hold on it and
then you can sort of stretch it out?
So clicking in the screen with
your trackpad or your mouse.
It will feel more like mobile style.
But you can opt out of that at the bottom
here with this touch option go away
from device-based to the other option,
which it sorts of best up style.
So great, but limited.
This is still in Chrome.
This is not the same thing
that's running on your devices.